Add systemd timer for automatic upgrades (#12)
gristlabs/grist-pack: dist/README.md

authentication, consult [our documentation for
self-hosting](https://support.getgrist.com/self-managed/).

# Upgrading Grist

To update to the latest Grist version, we recommend using systemd as
described above, and enabling the supplied systemd timer:

```sh

> sudo systemctl enable --now grist-update.timer

Reviewer: nice to be automating this, but also feels useful to tell someone how to upgrade directly or to know which version they have now.

Author: I would like to address this request at a later time. For now users can check the running version in the admin, although that only gives the tagged version, not the Git commit that was used to build the Docker image that is currently running.

authentication, consult [our documentation for
self-hosting](https://support.getgrist.com/self-managed/).

# Upgrading Grist

To upgrade to the latest Grist version, we recommend using systemd as
described above, and enabling the supplied systemd timer:

```sh
sudo systemctl enable --now grist-upgrade.timer
```

> This timer will check and apply Grist upgrades every weekend around
> the server time's midnight.

Reviewer 2: Maybe:
```suggestion
This timer will restart Grist and apply Grist upgrades every Saturday night at around
the server time's midnight.
```
Key changes:
- Mentioning it's Saturday night specifically
- Mentioning the service will restart / otherwise convey it's unavailable for a bit
